---
title: "Log #9: Back to writing"
date: 2025-08-03
math: true
---

---
_Reporting period: 14 June - 01 August, 2025_

**TL;DR:** Healing journeys / adventures; Chandigarh food; and an exciting new role ahead;

---


It has been a little over a month since my last log, and I finally feel ready to put words to paper (screen? 🤔) again. June was a heavy one: I was in India for my dad’s one-year death anniversary. While I don’t tend to show it outwardly, inside I was wading through a lot of thoughts and feelings. I just wasn’t able to find the words to write.  But it feels good to be back at it now.

The past few weeks, though, have been kind. The India trip went smoothly in the end {{< backlink "20250613_log8" "despite all the flight troubles">}}; we even managed to wrap up all the lingering paperwork, which was a huge relief. We spent two days in Chandigarh, and oh my god, the food! I am still dreaming about it. If you ever find yourself there, Pal da Dhaba and Katani’s are absolute must-tries. They may not look like much from the outside, but trust me, the food is lip-smackingly, soul-huggingly good!

July ended up becoming the month of trips. Johan and I admittedly use travel as a bit of escapism sometimes, so one random Wednesday night, we booked last-minute flights to Rhodes Island and were off the next day. The island itself was exactly what I needed: quiet, easy, and relaxing. We hired a 2-wheeler, and rode around aimlessly. Which also means, we have no real recommendations from this trip. Our other big trip was for Johan’s cousin’s wedding, which took us to Paris and Bordeaux for a weekend. It was a whirlwind of family, laughter, endless glasses of wine, and more pastries than I’ll ever admit to.

In other news, I am moving into a new role at work. In just a week, I will be joining i.AI to explore AI opportunities across the UK public sector. It also means the [AI Knowledge Hub](https://ai.gov.uk/knowledge-hub/) will finally become my full-time job instead of a side-of-the-desk gig. I am excited for what lies ahead!