---
title: "Log #7: Bank holiday weekend"
date: 2025-06-01
---

---
_Reporting period: 24 May - 01 June, 2025_

**TL;DR:** A lovely, relaxing bank holiday weekend; Getting back into a steadier flow at work;

---

<!-- more -->

After all the hustle and excitement of the launch (see: {{< backlink "20250524_log6" "AI Knowledge Hub launched">}}), things finally slowed down. The bank holiday weekend couldn’t have been better timed!

We kicked off Saturday with a fun coffee party at a friend’s place, then hopped on the Eurostar from London St Pancras to Brussels that evening. We rolled in around 9pm and spent the next two days strolling cobbled streets, snacking on Belgian classics, and drinking more beer than we had planned ({{< backlink "20250527_brussels" "our recommendations">}}). On Monday evening, we headed to Paris. The night was exactly what it needed to be: Belgian beers, French wines, and some cozy family time. Naturally, no trip to Paris is complete without a buying a new bag, so we stopped by [RSVP for their latest drop of the Munchkin](https://rsvp-paris.com/en-gb/collections/all-bags/products/munchkin-embossed-croc-calfskin-chocolate) (thank you, Johan!). This trip was so much fun, especially since we did the entire journey by Eurostar from London to Brussels to Paris and back.

Back in London, the week felt incredibly short with just three working days. I have been easing back into a steadier pace, mostly focused on following up with the amazing folks whose input made the AI Knowledge Hub MVP sprint a success, if I may say so myself. The quieter days gave me space to zoom out a little, finally finding time to think more strategically and capture my thoughts. It felt good to pause and reflect on the longer-term vision.